Update overview.md (#20277)
meshery/meshery: docs/content/en/installation/overview.md

title: Overview
display_title: false
categories: [project]

> description: Meshery is the open source, cloud native manager for collaboratively designing, operating, and characterizing Kubernetes-based infrastructure across every cluster and cloud you run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery is the self-service engineering platform, enabling collaborative design and operation of cloud and cloud native infrastructure.
```
